In this section we'll learn about expression's statements and operators in C++.
Expressions are the building blocks of statements and statements are the building blocks of programming
and C plus.
You've already seen variable declaration statements and IO statements.
Simple assignments statements and even the return statement.
First we'll talk about expressions and statements in general and their role in programming.
Learn about block statements or compound statements.
This allows us to group multiple statements that belong together into a single unit.
The last part of this section is all about the main C++ operators in the context of statements and expressions.
We'll first discuss the assignment operator which is the key element of an assignment statement bin
will look at C++ as arithmetic operators.
These operators allow us to perform math very easily based on the math rules that we learned in school
as kids will then look at the increment and decrement operators.
These operators are often used in C++ and can be confusing.
I'll walk you through how to use them so it's clear the common use case in programming is comparing
two objects.
We often need to know if one object is less than greater than or equal to another object.
And based on that result we decide what our next action will be.
These are the relational operators after the relational operators will look at the logical operators
the logical operators and I was to embed complex logic into our program so we can solve difficult problems.
If we put together expressions containing relational and logical operators we can solve extremely complex
problems.
Then we'll learn about C++ as compound assignment statements.
They allow us to perform an operation and assign the result of that operation using a simple syntax.
Finally we'll talk about operator precedence.
Precedence determines in what order operators are executed.
We've got a lot to cover in this section so let's get started.